Okay, he deserves rest refusal.
Right, and therefore it's my moral obligation to offer to him.
And the other problem with Manny, of course, also was that I wasn't getting paid in 30 days.
And despite our initial understanding that he would not be like Carter Burden in that regard.
And he is, to all intents and purposes, effectively the same.
Has this been a mobile piece for you?
I mean, you said it took you so many years to get about 15 K for yourself.
I mean, do you ever regret not being a professor?
Never.
That was the wisest decision ever.
I love going to work.
I love my work.
I can work 18 hours a day happily.
I simply... The book's unprofessional, so... A constant sustaining joy, although I...
interspersive in my days with baseball.
I'm also a baseball fan.
I also feel I hold a book trade a lot and that's why I'm willing to serve as an official in the organization of the book trade.
Although book people tend not to be groupies in any way or interested in joining organizations, I'm very happy to be an officer in mine because the trade has been very kind to me.
Larry, in a little distance, one thing he did mention in a letter to me is that I'm out.
Munch.
Has anybody interested in that?
I'm going to, not myself.
We're going to wrap up in about five minutes.
Oh, okay.
Well, then no problem.
I don't know why I can't pick up a day job to worry about.
What's his beef with the British trade?
It's the verbal expansion of a microcosm of fact that anybody is capable with, and it's simple.
It's simply that when he has articulated it, and if it gets published in, say, a popular magazine like Vogue, then for some reason it gets converted to gospel, but it's only a larger reflection of a tiny truth.
The tiny truth is a simple one.
One, and I've articulated it many times myself,
England has been the center of a book trade, a healthy book trade for a long time.
England has a captive market in that people come to England to buy books and always have.
England has produced books.
They have produced the literature and the culture.
Physical master stations are the books themselves.
There's been an antiquary market in England for a long time.
It's a little place to which people come for many reasons and consequently
Somebody in England who has a good book has every reason to believe that somebody will walk in and buy it from them, and if they don't, they'll happen the next day.
Consequently, it is my belief that there has been a built-in and systematic and endemic sense that the buyers will come and buy the books.
English are, in my opinion, not famous for extended courtesies.
They do not, on the whole and on the average, willingly offer to wrap your books or to wrap them well, and they're notoriously poor wrappers.
They don't have good wrapping materials on the average.
They don't want to wrap your books on the average.
They don't want to give you a generous dealer discount on the average.
They don't want to quote you a book next year because you bought this book this year on the average.
And yet, when they come to you in this country, which is not a habitual phenomenon, but the more the weight of the books appears to be in the United States, the more they might necessarily have to come here, on the average.
And given a favorable economy, which fluctuates, goes up and down several times, even since I've been, like right now, the pound is very high,
It's advantageous if you measure things that way.
The Bible's here and take them back.
They are more than welcome to, they are more than eager to accept your best prize.
It's a constant phrase on the English mouth, you know, can you do any better?
And they are the last to pay upon, upon, at the point of acquisition.
whereas I think Americans are pretty notorious for plumping the money down on the spot.
So I think probably a number of isolated instances of behavior has been generalized by Larry in his famous remark published in Vogue about English booksellers and gets accepted as gospel.
Now it's been my experience, somewhat different, but I don't,
I go back to where I feel welcome and buy more deeply and penetratingly and more loyally and more faithfully over the years, probably different from Larry, or people who buy books like Larry.
So I tend to go back to people who are more like myself, willing to extend themselves in certain kinds of courtesies, from a bed to good wrapping materials to willingness to ship to possibly not charging postage, a rare phenomenon.
And so I have attempted to indoctrinate, if not by example, then by exhortation, a whole crop of younger and more impressionable younger English booksellers into principles of better condition, better wrapping, more helpfulness beyond the moment of sale, and so on.
And so I think probably one could have a different experience depending on where one goes.
It sounds generally, though, that it's not big stuff.
It's an attitude as much as anything else.
Yes, but if you wanted us to say how would you characterize the English book trade, I think that they would come across as slightly more mercenary than, say, the American book trade.
It's as simple as that.
It used to be a class distinction.
I think there had been class distinctions with regard to trades in England, and there was only one Labour Party member, Peter Eaton, I think, for a long time, the only Halloween socialists amongst them, and the rest were quite conservative.
But I think those class distinctions probably had broken down in my generation, and at the same time, England, which perhaps used to have the highest standard of living in the world, is now, I believe, 84, lower than Spain.
And inevitably, this is going to be reflected in the level of business and how business is conducted.
Bookselling is so individualistic, and there are enough booksellers, although there are not too many, that people can choose, especially if they are more successful, to spend time with people they're happier at spending time with, if they're into spending time with other booksellers, which not everyone is.
Had you heard at all about Lou Weinstein being brought up by somebody?
Well, there was rumors.
There's a rumor.
He told me that he had the offer.
There was a rumor, I think, that a similar...
.
Thank you.
Ooh.
.
Thank you.
you know about the meaning of collecting the what about well he has a fully sculpted idea about what collecting means what collecting an author means what collecting the nation's literature means and i'm sure he can articulate these ideas too that's very important to me to get some of those ideas